fix:#1961 (#2024)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/write-data/developer-tools/csv.md

---
title: Write CSV data to InfluxDB
description: >

>   Write CSV data with the [`influx write` command](#influx-write-command) and Flux.

Reviewer: ~and~ or Flux

>   Write CSV data with the following methods:
>   - [flux](#flux)
>   - [influx write command](#influx-write-command)

Reviewer 2: To keep the description on one line in the final HTML, how about:

```suggestion
Write CSV data with the [`influx write` command](#influx-write-command) and Flux.
Include annotations with the CSV data to determine how the data translates into
[line protocol](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/syntax/line-protocol/).
```

Author: Thanks for the help.

  - /influxdb/v2.0/reference/syntax/annotated-csv/
  - /influxdb/v2.0/reference/cli/influx/write/
---
Write CSV data with the following methods:
- [flux](#flux)
- [influx write command](#influx-write-command)

> ### flux

Reviewer 2: Uppercase `Flux`

> Use the [csv.from()](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/flux/stdlib/csv/from/) and [to()](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/flux/stdlib/built-in/outputs/to/) Flux functions to write an Annotated CSV to the bucket of your choice.

Reviewer 2: `annotated CSV`

 
{{< youtube wPKZ9i0DulQ >}}

> Try writing the [NOAA water sample data](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/sample-data/#noaa-water-sample-data).

Reviewer: - Provide the actual Flux example here.
- You should also mention the experimental `csv.from()` function which lets you write CSV from a URL.
- Instead of telling the reader to "try writing," say:

~~~
The example below writes [NOAA water sample data](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/sample-data/#noaa-water-sample-data) to an example `noaa` bucket in an example organization:

```js
import "experimental/csv"

csv.from(url: "https://influx-testdata.s3.amazonaws.com/noaa.csv")
  |> to(bucket: "noaa", org: "example-org")
```
~~~
